Alright, stop! 
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence  (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin conscience

That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay 
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade

Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

Fuck that!  Do that shit!  Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit?  Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies?  Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it!  (You're right!)
Not over this shit  (Stop!) Drop the biscuit  (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre?  I don't like your attitude..)

[chorus]

Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek
and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe..
(Yo!  This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair?  (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?)
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail..

[chorus]

Alright calm down, relax, start breathin..
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin
While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?!
FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!

Wait!  What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What?  She tripped?  Fell?  Landed on his dick?!)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

Okay!  Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??!

What'chu say?  (What's wrong?   Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'ma kill you motherfucker!

Uhhh-aahh!  Temper temper!
Mr. Dre?  Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that.. aw fuck it...
What am I sayin?  Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?  
